A/B testing
A statistical testing approach to determine which of two systems or components performs better.

abnormal end
The unintended termination of the execution of a component or system prior to completion.

abuse case
A use case in which some actors with malicious intent are causing harm to the system or to other actors.

Balint
Balint Balazs is a 28 years old programmer, who likes to play the guitar in his spare time.

acceptance criteria
The criteria that a component or system must satisfy in order to be accepted by a user, customer, or other authorized entity.

acceptance test-driven development
A collaboration-based test-first approach that defines acceptance tests in the stakeholders' domain language.

acceptance testing
A test level that focuses on determining whether to accept the system.

accessibility
The degree to which a component or system can be used by people with the widest range of characteristics and capabilities to achieve a specified goal in a specified context of use.

account harvesting
The process of obtaining user account information based on trial and error with the intention of using that information in a security attack.

accountability
The degree to which the actions of an entity can be traced uniquely to that entity.

actual result
The behavior produced/observed when a component or system is tested.

ad hoc review
A review technique performed informally without a structured process.

ad hoc testing
Informal testing performed without test analysis and test design.

adaptability
The degree to which a component or system can be adapted for different or evolving hardware, software or other operational or usage environments.

adversarial example
An input to an ML model created by applying small perturbations to a working example that results in the model outputting an incorrect result with high confidence.

adversarial testing
A test technique based on the attempted creation and execution of adversarial examples to identify defects in an ML model.

Agile Manifesto
A statement on the values that underpin Agile software development. The values are: individuals and interactions over processes and tools, working software over comprehensive documentation, customer collaboration over contract negotiation, responding to change over following a plan.

Agile software development
A group of software development methodologies based on iterative incremental development, where requirements and solutions evolve through collaboration between self-organizing cross-functional teams.

Agile test leader
A leadership role that serves agile teams, championing testing and quality at the organizational level.

Agile test team leader
A role that is responsible for maintaining solution quality within an agile delivery team.

alpha testing
A type of acceptance testing performed in the developer's test environment by roles outside the development organization.

analytical test strategy
A test strategy whereby the test team analyzes the test basis to identify the test conditions to cover.

analyzability
The degree to which an assessment can be made for a component or system of either the impact of one or more intended changes, the diagnosis of deficiencies or causes of failures, or the identification of parts to be modified.

anomaly
A condition that deviates from expectation.

anti-malware
Software that is used to detect and inhibit malware.

API testing
Testing performed by submitting requests to the test object using its application programming interface.

application programming interface
A type of interface in which the components or systems involved exchange information in a defined formal structure.

appropriateness recognizability
The degree to which users can recognize whether a component or system is appropriate for their needs.

atomic condition
A condition that does not contain logical operators.

attack vector
A path or means by which an attacker can gain access to a system for malicious purposes.

attacker
A person or process that attempts to access data, functions or other restricted areas of the system without authorization, potentially with malicious intent.

audio testing
Testing to determine if the game music and sound effects will engage the user in the game and enhance the game play.

audit
An independent examination of a work product or process performed by a third party to assess whether it complies with specifications, standards, contractual agreements, or other criteria.

authentication
A procedure determining whether a person or a process is, in fact, who or what it is declared to be.

authenticity
The degree to which the identity of a subject or resource can be proved to be the one claimed.

authorization
Permission given to a user or process to access resources.

automation code defect density
Defect density of a component of the test automation code.

automotive safety integrity level
One of four levels that specify the item's or element's necessary requirements of ISO 26262 and safety measures to avoid an unreasonable residual risk.

automotive SPICE
A process reference model and an associated process assessment model in the automotive industry.

availability
The degree to which a component or system is operational and accessible when required for use.

back-to-back testing
Testing to compare two or more variants of a test item or a simulation model of the same test item by executing the same test cases on all variants and comparing the results.

behavior-driven development
A collaborative approach to development in which the team is focusing on delivering expected behavior of a component or system for the customer, which forms the basis for testing.

beta testing
A type of acceptance testing performed at an external site to the developer's test environment by roles outside the development organization.

black-box test technique
A test technique based on an analysis of the specification of a component or system.

black-box testing
Testing based on an analysis of the specification of the component or system.

botnet
A network of compromised computers, called bots or robots, which is controlled by a third party and used to transmit malware or spam, or to launch attacks.

boundary value
A minimum or maximum value of an ordered equivalence partition.

boundary value analysis
A black-box test technique in which test cases are designed based on boundary values.

